Add mention about colorName property for color button plugin. (#305)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/features/colorbutton/README.md

	<p><font color="#800080">This is my text color.</font><br/>
	<font style="background-color:#FFFF00;">This is my background color</font></p>

> Since CKEditor 4.15.0 it is possible to use `class` instead of `style` to set more advanced styles to text.

Reviewer: Well, yes and no, you could use classes before too. But since the changes in what `color` value outputs in `4.12` it produced invalid class names :see\_no\_evil: 

So I would start by saying that in `4.15` we have introduced `colorName` which uses color name instead of color code, which allows to create descriptive class names.

> You need to set {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_colors custom color names}.

Reviewer: You can use `colorName` despite changing `colorButton_colors` but then it will use [default color](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/blob/de96c26164b0d34799df800b88c923a72fd595ba/plugins/colorbutton/plugin.js#L483) codes as names. Setting `colorButton_colors` to get friendly names/classes is a good tip but I would move it to the end of this section - maybe with some example too?

> You can set `colorName` to {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_foreStyle CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_foreStyle} or {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_backStyle CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_backStyle} configuration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `colorName` wit {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_foreStyle CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_foreStyle} or {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_backStyle CKEDITOR.config.colorButton_backStyle} configuration options:
```

```javascript
config.colorButton_foreStyle = {
	element: 'span',

> 	attributes: { 'class': '#(colorName)' }

Reviewer: Let's maybe show that you can customize class name a little, e.g. `class: text-#(colorName)`?

};

config.colorButton_backStyle = {
	element: 'span',
	attributes: { 'class': '#(colorName)' }
};
```

CKEditor 4 will then output the color definition as `span` with class:

```html

> <span class="subtext">Text</span>

Reviewer: This class doesn't really looks like something describing a color, so maybe let's go with something like `text-skyblue` (or any other fancy color name you like)?
